docs: services: scanning module review (#2795)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/bluetooth/scan.rst

Scanning module
###############

The scanning module handles the Bluetooth Low Energy scanning for your application.

> You can use it to find an advertising device and establish a connection with it.

Reviewer: Can find many devices, change "an advertising device" to "advertising devices"?

Author: fixed

Scanning module
###############

The scanning module handles the Bluetooth Low Energy scanning for your application.

> You can use it to find advertising devices and establish a connection with them.

Author: fixed

Using :ref:`filters <nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>`, you can narrow down the scan to devices of a specific type.

The Scanning Module can work in one of the following modes:

* Simple mode - without using filters
* Advanced mode - that allows using advanced filters

The module can automatically establish a connection after a filter match.
It can also receive :ref:`directed advertising packets <nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising>`.

Usage
*****

You can use the scanning module to execute the following actions:

Initialize
   To initialize the module, call the function :cpp:func:`bt_scan_init`.

   You can also call the function without an initialization structure.
   When you pass the initialization structure as ``NULL``, the default static configuration is used.

   This configuration is also used when you use an initialization structure with ``NULL`` pointers to scan parameters and connection parameters.

Start scanning
   When the initialization is completed, call the function :cpp:func:`bt_scan_start` to start scanning.

>    In simple mode, when you do not use the event handler, you can establish the connection when the scanner founds the device.

Author: alright, missed this one, fixed

|              |                                                                                                           |
|              | Otherwise, the **not found** callback is triggered.                                                       |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Directed Advertising
====================

To receive directed advertising packets with the Scanning Module, enable one of the following options in Zephyr:

* :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`  : scanning with changing addresses,
* :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` : scanning with a local identity address.

It is recommended to enable the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option to support directed advertising between bonded peers only.
Use the :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` option only when the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option is not feasible.

When `Filters`_ are set, you can use the proprietary ``filter_no_match`` event to handle directed advertising.
This event checks whether the directed advertising packets do not match any filters.

> In case of a positive verification, where no matches are found, you can establish a connection without the need to disable or reconfigure the existing filters.

Reviewer 2: Sentence "where no matches are found"  is a little confusing to me.

Reviewer: Ditto, plus the line above. 

I think this part should be rewritten.

Author: Rephrased a bit, please check if it sounds better to you

|              | * All of the UUID filters                                                                                 |
|              |                                                                                                           |
|              | If not all of these types match, the ``not found`` callback is triggered.                                 |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising:

Directed Advertising
====================

To receive directed advertising packets using the Scanning Module, enable one of the following options in Zephyr:

* :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` - Scan with changing addresses
* :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` - Scan with a local identity address

It is recommended to enable the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option to support directed advertising only between bonded peers.
Use the :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` option only when the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option is not available.

> When :ref:`filters <nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>` are set, you can use the proprietary ``filter_no_match`` event to check if the directed advertising packets do not match any of filters set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When :ref:`filters <nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>` are set, you can use the proprietary ``filter_no_match`` event to check if the are directed advertising packets received. They will typically not match any filter, as by specification, they do not contain any Advertising Data.
```
Maybe a simpler way to express it can be found, but I would like to make it more meaningful for less advanced users.

Author: @grochu I did rephrase this one a little bit, let me know if it sounds good.

Reviewer 3: I think it sounds good now.

|              | * All of the UUID filters                                                                                 |
|              |                                                                                                           |
|              | If not all of these types match, the ``not found`` callback is triggered.                                 |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising:

Directed Advertising
====================

To receive directed advertising packets using the Scanning Module, enable one of the following options in Zephyr:

* :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` - Scan with changing addresses
* :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` - Scan with a local identity address

It is recommended to enable the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option to support directed advertising only between bonded peers.
Use the :option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` option only when the :option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option is not available.

> When the scanning module is set in advanced mode and :ref:`filters <nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>` are set, you can use the proprietary ``filter_no_match`` event to check if directed advertising packets have been received.

Reviewer: Sentence is much clearer now, but please cemove "proprietary", it makes no sense in this context.

Author: Thanks for the feedback. Fixed.
